feat(data-orchestrator): add try-catch to logic tasks MTA-7318 (#6760)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/data-orchestrator/reference-content/logic-tasks.mdx

            then: exit  
      ```
      Replace the ID placeholders with the IDs of your Serverless Jobs. You can copy them from the [Serverless Jobs page](https://console.scaleway.com/serverless-jobs/) of the console.
  </TabsTab>

  <TabsTab label="Try-catch">

>     A **Try-catch** allows you to handle pre-identified errors (e.g., authentication, authorization, timeout, etc.). Failed tasks can even be retried before proceeding with a fallback task. This is a basic example of a Serverless Job that is tried up to 4 times. Then if it still fails, a fallback task is executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A **Try-catch** lets you handle known error types, such as authentication, authorization, and timeout. You can retry a failed task a set number of times before falling back to an alternative task if it keeps failing. The following example tries a Serverless Job up to 4 times. If all attempts fail, a fallback task is executed instead.
```

    | Property&nbsp;name |         Type         | Required |                         Description                          |

>     | :----------------- | :------------------: | :------: | :----------------------------------------------------------- |

Reviewer 2: En ayant build et zyeuté l'article en local, je me suis rendue compte que centrer le contenu des 2 premières colonnes nuit un peu à la lisibilité. Possible de profiter de cette PR pour remettre un alignement à gauche sur l'ensemble des colonnes stp ? (j'ai même validé l'approche avec Claire au design, pour être sûre que j'étais pas biaisée ✨ )

Author: C'est fait.

    
  </TabsTab>

  <TabsTab label="Switch">
    **Switch properties**
    
    | Property&nbsp;name |         Type         | Required |                       Description                       |
    | :----------------- | :------------------: | :------: | :------------------------------------------------------ |
    | `case`             | map [string, string] |   yes    | A name/value map of the cases to switch on (see below)  |

    **Switch > Case properties**

A switch case defines a condition to evaluate and an action to execute when that condition is met.

    | Property&nbsp;name |      Type       | Required |                                                                                                                  Description                                                                                                                   |
    | :----------------- | :-------------: | :------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

>     | `when`             |     string      |    no    | A runtime expression used to determine whether or not the case matches.<br/> If not set, the case will be matched by default if no other case matches.<br/> Note that there can be only one default case, all others **MUST** set a condition. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `when`             |     string      |    no    | A runtime expression used to determine whether or not the case matches.<br/> If not set, the case will be matched by default if no other case matches.<br/> There can be only one default case, all others must set a condition. |
```
